# ICT lesson, 4 October 2021 notes #

### Quick notes ###
- Submit notes on word processing (Chapter 6 in ICT textbook)
- Chapter 1 and 5 tend to be common sense

### Quick recap on Word processing ###
- Text attributes  (mainly related to font, e.g. font type, color)
- Paragraph Settings (alignments)
- Page Layout (Orientation, margin, etc.)

### 1. Word Formatting ###
- Table
    - row is 打橫 and column is 打直
    - 格仔 = Cell
    - 邊界 = Border
    - Merge cell / split cell
- Columns (Page layout function)
    - Separate content
- Header / Footer
    - Footer mainly stores page numbers.
    - Header mainly stores logos & details of the company / school.
- Table of Contents
    - Microsoft Word can automatically generate the table of contents.
    - Generated by trying to recognize the titles (Bold / Underlined text) in every page.
- Spelling and Grammar checker
    - Spelling: American English and British English is **[DIFFERENT]**.
    - Can also check word count. (Note: Cannot really check Chinese characters properly sometimes)
- Autocorrect
    - Autocorrect != Spelling and Grammar check
    - Predicts what you want to type and automatically corrects your spelling mistakes.
    - Checks capital letters at the first letter of the sentence.
- Thesaurus
    - Gives a list of words that has the same meaning.
    - Use with caution.
- Mail Merge **[IMPORTANT!]**
    - Import Excel Column -> Convert into word table
    - Extremely useful during work

### 2. Spreadsheets ###
- Used for data analysis
- Max Rows = `XFD`, Max Columns = `1048576`
- Cell Address = row number & column number, e.g. A1
- Format cells (Data type)
    - Category. Self detecting may cause problems (e.g. mess formatting with extra zeroes)
        - e.g. Numbers, Text, Date, Percentage, etc.
        - After switching to text, formatting will be different with numbers. Sorting by ascending order will sort from 1-9 on the first significant figure.
    - Data format is very important in Microsoft Excel.
    - Pay attention to data type.
